pro_sql_8
Welcom to the SQL Introduction course! (iDONi is studying in English for the first time)

SQL is a declarative programming language used for creating, modifying data in a relational database managed by a corresponding database managment system.

Databases are used in virtually all aspects of modern technology, including web development, data analytics, bussiness analysis, finance, healthcare, and much more.

Therefore, it is important for a beginner IT specialist to understand and be able to use SQL because:

1. SQL forms the foundation for working with databases.
SQL is used for creating, modifying, and managing data in databases. It is the primary lanuage used for working with relational databases, and it is important to grasp its fundamentals
in order to work with databases effectively.

2. SQL is an essential skill for the IT industry.
Many job vacancies in the IT industry require knowledge of SQL, as data is an integral part  of any IT specialist's work. Proficiency is SQL can open up more opportunities for a beginner
specialist to work and enhance their qualifications.

3. SQL enables the processing of large volumes of data.
In the world of modern technology, the amount of data that needs to be processed is constantly growing. SQL allows for quick and efficient processing of large volumes of data, making it a 
fundamental language for working with data in any IT company.

This course is perfect for beginners who want to learn SQL.

You will learn how to:
- Extract information from SQL datavases using SQL queries.
- Process and modify raw information for convenient output.
- Modify and add new data to tables.
- Use WHERE and HAVING to filter data.
- Group data using GROUP BY.
- Retrieve data from related tables using JOIN.
- Use built-in functions and expressions in SQL queries.

The course will be useful for:
- IT specialists
- Testers
- Data analysts
- Administrators and all those who work with SQL databases.

Initial Requirements
This course consists of theoretical, testing, and practical sections on SQL.
It is designed to provide you with comprehensice inderstanding of SQL and its core concepts.

However, to successfully conplete this course, it's important to have elementary knowledge of computer science and mathematics. If you encounter difficulties with certain cocepts or
ideas related to computer science or mathematics, you should spend some time studying them to address fundemental issues.

Deadlines
This course has no set deadlines and can be completed at your convenience.
However, for achieving good results, it is advisable to study regularly.

Communication
You will be studying alongside other students of the course. You can communicate with each other in the lesson comments. Please to not leave solutions and hints in the comments;
there is a separate comment thread for that purpose. Before writing, please read the rules of the Stepik community.

Questions

If you encounter difficulties with a specific lesson, feel free to reach out to the course team in the lesson comments.

Successful course completion!
Recommend the course to your friends, as it's much more enjoyable to go through it together!
